Toy, you think that I disobeyed my father, chose you over Kelly and got kicked out of
my family for a toy, have you lost your mind?
He was the one who said, whatever happens between us is just part of the deal.
Yes, technically you're right, but you never asked how long the deal was for.
How long is the deal for?
A thousand years.
I want you to be mine for the next thousand years.
And when this mess is finally over, I'm going to return home and I'm going to ask
you to marry me.
Or we can just consider it a part of our agreement now.
Mary, you... but Marcus, I...
No buts.
By the way, I just saved your life once again.
I think that you owe me a little bit more than you think.
I'm getting a little hot.
Can you do me a favor?
I'll be back, okay.